Hello, this is John Piper, and I want to update you on the content of this sermon podcast today.
Back when it started, I was the only teacher at Desiring God.
And I was still preaching week in and week out at Bethlehem Baptist Church.
But since 2013,
I stepped away from the pastorate
And now work full-time
At desiring God.
So we established a team of teachers.
since i'm preaching less these days, maybe ten or fifteen times a year at various conferences and chapels and services.
And the Desiring God team,
Is preaching more and more
We want to update this podcast with a new name, a new visual.
Presentation,
To reflect this new reality at desire in God and to include
Messages
From our other
Teachers on the team
I commend them to you.
I know these men. I trust them.
I admire them.
They have remarkable gifts.
I believe you will find their messages to be a wonderful, rich, God-centered,
Fountain of biblical truth
With the flavor of Christian hedonism,
that we love so much here at Desiring God.